c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Aveva.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Aveva.pdb
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\obj\Release\Aveva.dll
c:\users\antonrez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\obj\Release\Aveva.pdb
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Aveva.dll.config
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Kamsar.WebConsole.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\MicroCHAP.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Rainbow.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Rainbow.Storage.Sc.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Rainbow.Storage.Yaml.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Unicorn.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\ITHit.WebDAV.Server.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Sitecore.Logging.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Mvp.Xml.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\ComponentArt.Web.UI.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Sitecore.Zip.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Sitecore.NVelocity.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Sitecore.Logging.Client.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\RadEditor.Net2.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Telerik.Web.UI.dll
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\AntonRez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aveva\bin\Telerik.Web.UI.xml
